#69 Review Webpage 1 (#71)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/reference/nodes.md

| Type | Description | Compatible Python Type |
| :--- | :---------- | :---|
| *Bool* | Defines a boolean value.|`Bool`|
| *Code* | Defines a Python code block. This type is used whenever custom scripting is required in a node. A plug of this type displays as an embedded text editor in the inspector. |`String`|
| *Color* | Defines a color in RGBA. Interacting with a plug of this type opens a color picker dialog.|`List`|
| *Dict* | Defines a dictionary value.|`Dict`|
| *Dir* | Defines a directory path. Interacting with a plug of this type opens a directory browser dialog.|`String`|
| *Enumerator* | Defines a list of selectable values. It is not possible to create custom Enumerator plugs in a node.|`String`|

> | *FileIn* | Defines an input file. This type is used for open and import operations. Interacting with a plug of this type opens a file browser dialog to select an existing file.|`String`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *FileIn* | Defines an input file. This type is used for open and import operations. Interacting with a plug of this type  in the inspector opens a file browser dialog to select an existing file.|`String`|

```

> | *FileOut* | Defines an output file. This type is used for save and export operations. Interacting with a plug of this type opens a file browser dialog, although it is possible to enter a non-existent file. Selecting an existing file will override the file after the workflow executes. |`String`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *FileOut* | Defines an output file. This type is used for save and export operations. Interacting with a plug of this type  in the inspector opens a file browser dialog. Selecting an existing file will override the file after the workflow executes, , alternatively it is possible to enter a non-existent file name to create it. |`String`|

```

Author: Done. I rewrote it a bit.
https://github.com/Inbibo/shift_docs/pull/71/commits/532d1cecf1db648a2d7d5506dbe4ed982d776fbb
